Sometimes, the people around us,
whether they're our friends, colleagues or family,
try to give us career advice based on their own personal experience,
and sometimes they give great advice.
Other times, the advice they give,
the well-intention, may not feel very supportive.
It's possible that at some point in your life,
someone has told you that you weren't good enough at math,
but they didn't have the right credentials from the rate university,
or you might have heard that it's too late to do what you want to do,
or that you can't compete with
all the other people out there who are aiming for the same job.
I know I've heard things like this before.
Lucky for us, the nature of work and education is changing,
and we know from research that with well applied effort,
any of us can learn anything.
So if you ever find yourself hearing comments like that,
we'd like to remind you that you are learning from
top industry experts in building industry relevant projects.
You have every reason to trust in your knowledge,
skills, and ability to grow.
As the great philosopher,
Taylor Swift once said,
"You can just shake it off." Shake it off.